                = What's new =

*June 20*

Connected to the Internet

Web Server is ready


*May 19*

SD card functions were improved. And no more need to format SD card. Never!


*April 9*

Added Ethernet packets sending/receiving



*March 15*

Access for LCD screen buffer is open now!
Project Hello3 shows how to treat the buffer. Also how to make
User's custom Fonts for any language.
Having address of LCD buffer user can add his own Graphic/text functions.



*March 2*

Author may return FAT16 support - just let him know.
Users can work with Timer's Interrupts freely.
Please help by leaving feedback.



*Feb 16*

System now supports FAT32 SD cards only. If some problems reading SD cards will arise, please report.
 Get_mSeconds() was added.
___________________________________________________________
  
  System works fast. Cold start (and your program too) *<1 second.*

 To launch the *screen calibration procedure:*
 - tap the screen and hold pen pressed at least 5 seconds

 No more counter of launches.

 With proper SD card you can see up to 15 files on menu screen.

 Some functions are in progress.

 One of them already present (for sliders, knobs, etc.)

  New touchscreen function:


  int 	Read_TS	(U32 *x, U32 *y);


	Usage:


int	pen_down;	// You'll get pen status as funct() return

int	x;		// pen x will be placed here

int	y;		// pen y will be placed here

....	...	...	...	...

	pen_down=Read_TS(&(x),&(y));	// Put X,Y addresses and Read_TS will fill them with X,Y

	if (pen_down)
	{

...  ...  use x and y here

...  ...	...	...

	}
		
    *  Hope see you soon...*